c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Assembly Planner\Assembly Planner\bin\Debug\Assembly Planner.exe.config
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Assembly Planner\Assembly Planner\bin\Debug\Resources\NewEdgeRules.csv
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Assembly Planner\Assembly Planner\bin\Debug\Resources\NewFaRules.csv
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Assembly Planner\Assembly Planner\bin\Debug\Assembly Planner.exe
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Assembly Planner\Assembly Planner\bin\Debug\Assembly Planner.pdb
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Assembly Planner\Assembly Planner\bin\Debug\StarMath.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Assembly Planner\Assembly Planner\bin\Debug\TessellationAndVoxelizationGeometryLibrary.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Assembly Planner\Assembly Planner\bin\Debug\MIConvexHull.dll
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Assembly Planner\Assembly Planner\bin\Debug\TessellationAndVoxelizationGeometryLibrary.pdb
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Assembly Planner\Assembly Planner\bin\Debug\StarMath.pdb
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Assembly Planner\Assembly Planner\bin\Debug\MIConvexHull.pdb
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Assembly Planner\Assembly Planner\obj\Debug\Assembly Planner.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Assembly Planner\Assembly Planner\obj\Debug\Assembly Planner.exe
c:\users\matt\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Assembly Planner\Assembly Planner\obj\Debug\Assembly Planner.pdb
C:\Users\Nima\Documents\OSU\Project\AssemblyPlanner\Assembly Planner\bin\Debug\Assembly Planner.exe.config
C:\Users\Nima\Documents\OSU\Project\AssemblyPlanner\Assembly Planner\obj\Debug\Assembly Planner.exe
C:\Users\Nima\Documents\OSU\Project\AssemblyPlanner\Assembly Planner\obj\Debug\Assembly Planner.pdb
C:\Users\Nima\Documents\OSU\Project\AssemblyPlanner\Assembly Planner\bin\Debug\Resources\NewEdgeRules.csv
C:\Users\Nima\Documents\OSU\Project\AssemblyPlanner\Assembly Planner\bin\Debug\Resources\NewFaRules.csv
C:\Users\Nima\Documents\OSU\Project\AssemblyPlanner\Assembly Planner\bin\Debug\Assembly Planner.exe
C:\Users\Nima\Documents\OSU\Project\AssemblyPlanner\Assembly Planner\bin\Debug\Assembly Planner.pdb
C:\Users\Nima\Documents\OSU\Project\AssemblyPlanner\Assembly Planner\bin\Debug\StarMath.dll
C:\Users\Nima\Documents\OSU\Project\AssemblyPlanner\Assembly Planner\bin\Debug\TessellationAndVoxelizationGeometryLibrary.dll
C:\Users\Nima\Documents\OSU\Project\AssemblyPlanner\Assembly Planner\bin\Debug\MIConvexHull.dll
C:\Users\Nima\Documents\OSU\Project\AssemblyPlanner\Assembly Planner\bin\Debug\TessellationAndVoxelizationGeometryLibrary.pdb
C:\Users\Nima\Documents\OSU\Project\AssemblyPlanner\Assembly Planner\bin\Debug\StarMath.pdb
C:\Users\Nima\Documents\OSU\Project\AssemblyPlanner\Assembly Planner\bin\Debug\MIConvexHull.pdb
C:\Users\Nima\Documents\OSU\Project\AssemblyPlanner\Assembly Planner\obj\Debug\Assembly Planner.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
